docs: update db migration, environment and restful api practicesC (#56)
dwarvesf/playbook: engineering/environment.md

The big iron. Logged, monitored, cleaned up periodically, squared away and secured.

This set helps developers to come up with the best technical solutions and resolve issues quickly, and users will only ever notice a new release by the product's increased awesomeness.

## Environment variables
- All environment must have exact list of variables
- Your code should support load env variable from both `.env` file or from the `process`
- In local development we use `.env` file to store all required environment variable. 
- In production we use platform secret manager to set environment variables

> - `Do not` commit your `.env` file or hard coded secret variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Do not** commit your `.env` file or hard-coded secret variables. We must set up our project in the `.gitignore` file.
```

- Variant of `.env` file can be

>   - `.env.example` can commit t source code store default public variables, all private or secret values must not included in this file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `.env.example` can commit source code store default public variables, all private or secret values must not include in this file
```
